1- Setup a bastion/workstation VM. This will be setup as a HTTP server for initial ignition fetching. Port 80 must be open and OCP VMs subnet(s) must be able to access it. Also install config will be generated from here. If customer does not have DHCP server it will also act as a DHCP with dnsmasq.

2- Verify DNS, DHCP, LB and Firewall
	a) Check all OCP VMs have DNS entries and can lookup names. Make Sure DNS server is reachable from OCP VMs subnet(s)
	b) Check that the VIP/LB is setup. If F5 make sure passthrough with HTTP profile set to none. Make sure VIP/LB is reachable from OCP VMs subnet and external for console.
		- api -> bootstrap, master1, master2, master3
		- api-int -> bootstrap, master1, master2, master3
		- *.apps -> workers
	c) Make sure VIP/LB DNS entries are there (api,master-internal, apps)
	d) Confirm DHCP server is setup and lease entries for all OCP VMs and bootstrap are there. Require VMs MAC address

3- Provision the OCP VMs as per the specs. Make sure they are not powered on.
4- Update DHCP server with MAC addresses of the VMs.

5- Create a new install-config. Always use a fresh one everytime and delete the old one. Make sure number of workers match number of workers to be provisioned.
6- Add the following configuration param to the all VMs. Replace ignition with proper one (bootstrap-append, master, worker)
  - key: "disk.EnableUUID"
    value: "TRUE"

7- Power on bootstrap. Wait till bootstrap machine is up and running and the machine config port is listening 22623.
8- Sometimes LB needs to be restarted at this point. (Haproxy.nginx, gobetween etc)
9- Power on the masters. Wait till cluster is up. Monitor till ETCD port is up 2379 on masters. Wait till cluster is up (port 22623 and 6443)
10- Power on workers
11- Verify workers are ready. oc get nodes
12- Patch image resgitry
oc patch configs.imageregistry.operator.openshift.io cluster --type merge --patch '{"spec":{"storage":{"emptyDir":{}}}}'
13- verify cluster is up. oc get co. All should be available
14- Set static using NMCLI. Hostname via hostnamectl. Reboot
15- Remove bootstrap from LB and delete bootstrap
